it was now my pleasure to introduce our
first guest speaker mr. Eugene Mirman
LHS boxers back
hello everybody can you hear me so it
has made a terrible mistake my asking me
to do this I think it was you guys
anyway it is an honor so thank you here
we go hello little dragons
congratulations you are now free from
your twelve years of knowledge prison
today you begin the next phase of your
life whether it's college a job or a
program abroad where you build a school
house rather to privileged children
while looking up with each other
but they the main difference for you
between like yesterday like tomorrow is
you can go to the bathroom whenever you
want it's a pretty big responsibility
for you burned it few more things you
can vote start a family go to war even
buy a beer
just kidding you are enemies of the base
your parents are proud of you but
they're nervous 2009 is very different
from what they currently most of them
still remember exactly where they were
when Lincoln was shot
I do I do
but here we are today amid several
several wars with history's largest
deficit in the worst recession since
families first gather ground radios to
learn about evolution on behalf of
generations who came before you that
we're really really sorry
he Bates moves these I won't lie to you
there's an asteroid heading for the
earth and you only have four days to
live
sorry where was I oh yeah it will be up
to you to lead America into the future
and I don't mean your generation I meet
the 494 of you you will locals BIG's the
whole world tonight relax celebrate at
your rear parking absolutely shreds
tomorrow start fixing good news this is
the point in the graduation speech where
I tell you a personal anecdote about
perseverance and then quote a sob what's
the worst break you've ever gotten a D
an F when I was in eighth grade and I'm
in middle school on a homework
assignment this is true I once got a
negative eight
I did my assignment worse than not doing
it
but did I like getting a grade lower
than the lowest possible grade stop me
no I was looking to restore service
special education
and I turned my app and you would be
so you see sometimes you can fail then
barely acts and then they come a
comedian also I recommend being on
television occasionally because people
are nice to you
lastly some tips for life
don't forget the quality of dreams
unless your dreams are stupid like
getting off the tank in Arlington be
kinds of people don't get too excited
when you read the family
but either them it'll be funny to you
and every year
in this type of recession it is a time
for invention did you know did you know
that both the telephone and the
automobile were invented during
recessions so I was talking dirty
and lastly they can kill you some the
baton mind
you fearless know-it-alls good luck with
everything and don't become addicted to
heroin listen you want to be a great
songwriter
getting people younger than them but now
it's probably low cortisol garden-party
by Rick Nelson Duncan get accrued on
stage of medicines / director 1971 it's
all right now I learned my lesson well
you see you can't please everyone
you see gotta please yourself la dee da
da da da da thank you all very much
congratulations